-*- encoding: utf-8; indent-tabs-mode: nil -*-

Installation
------------

You need to install Perl, lualatex and perltex. If you want to compile
the   sun.tex   file,   you   have   to  install   the   Perl   module
DateTime::Event::Sunrise with its prerequisites.

Perl  and  perltex are  rather  bug-free,  so  it should  not  present
problems. lualatex is  still in active beta development,  so you might
have problems.  And if  you need DateTime::Event::Sunrise, although it
is has not moved for a long time, there are still bugs to fix.

Perl
----

You need  at least Perl 5.10,  but since most  distributions provide a
more recent Perl, you can use the Perl installed with your system.  Or
you  can install  a Perl  interpreter  with perlbrew.  Unless you  use
bleadperl, you should not encounter problems.

mpll
----

Just copy  the file  into some directory  from your  $PATH environment
variable.

perltex
-------

You   should  try  first   the  perltex   package  provided   by  your
distribution.   If you  need to  reinstall lualatex  (see  below), you
should reinstall perltex at the same time and from the same source.

lualatex
--------

At  first,  you should  try  the  lualatex  package provided  by  your
distribution.  And you should check it with

  mpll check-mp.tex

If you obtain "Output written  on check-mp.pdf", you are lucky and you
can skip to the next paragraph.

If  you obtain an  error similar  to "Bad  argument to  format (string
expected, got nil)", then you must install a new lualatex interpreter.
For this, download a recent snapshot of tex-live and then run

  install-tl

from the directory where you have downloaded the tex-live snapshot.
Or you can use

  tlmgr

After that, you  must again try to compile  chek-mp.tex. If you obtain
an error  about "Illegal unit  of measure", then you  must comment-out
the line requiring  the mplib package and activate  the line requiring
the luatexko-mplib  package. It is  sufficient to place the  two files
for this  package in the same  directory as the  whatever.tex file you
are compiling.

DateTime::Event::Sunrise
------------------------

If you  want to  generate soleil.pdf from  soleil.tex or  sun.pdf from
sun.tex,  you  need  a  patched version  of  DateTime::Event::Sunrise.
Install  the current  and  buggy version  0.0501  with your  preferred
utility  cpan,  cpanp  or  cpanm,  so  at least,  you  will  have  all
prerequisites.  Then donwload the DateTime-Event-Sunrise-0.0501.tar.gz
archive from your favorite CPAN mirror

  ftp://your.favorite.cpan.mirror.org/path/to/cpan/authors/id/R/RK/RKHILL/DateTime-Event-Sunrise-0.0501.tar.gz

and download the dt-e-sunrise.patch patch from

  https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Bug/Display.html?id=34770

Then:

  tar -zxvf DateTime-Event-Sunrise-0.0501.tar.gz
  mv DateTime-Event-Sunrise-0.0501 DateTime-Event-Sunrise-0.0502
  patch -p0 < dt-e-sunrise.patch
  cd DateTime-Event-Sunrise-0.0502
  perl Makefile.PL
  make
  make test
  sudo make install

